Undergrad books:
  The main textbook that these slides are based on is: "Computer Networks, A Systems Approach (5th ed)" by Peterson & Davie
  Computer Networks 5th Edition, Kindle Edition
  High Speed Networks by William Stallings
  
  
TCPIP misses Presentation(5) and Session(6) Layers of OSI model
  phys (L1; eth/wifi protocols), 
  link (L2; eth/wifi protocols), 
  network (L3; ip protocol), 
  transport (L4), 
  session (L5), 
  presentation (L6),
  Application (L7),

Protocol defines:  behavior and packet format

Packet Arrives:
  1. Data Link Layer Protocol
    1. Check Header and Trailer
    2. Data Link Addresses (Ethernet/Wifi) of Sender and Receiver are checked
      1. Are Header and Trailer intact?
      2. Is the destination address a match for unicast (Ethernet/Wifi)?
      3. Is it a broadcast address?
      4. Is it a multicast address I belong to?
      5. If no, drop it unless sniffing in promiscuous mode.
      
  2. Network Layer Protocols:
    1. IP of the dest and source are found here.
    2. IP Destination address is checked.
  3. Transport Layer
    1. Here the Port Number and the Transport Protocols in use are specified.
    2. Check the port number to determine the application.
    3. Check the Transport Protocol used (TCP or UDP; port 80 for TCP is not the same port 80 that's used for UDP).

Layer 2 (Link) and Layer 3 (IP) are subject to change by Network
Anything above Layer 3 is an end-to-end Layer meaning Network does not affect their content; Hosts handle them.

TCP handles the packet reordering when they arrived out of order while UDP doesn't.

Content Distribution Networks: Application Layer Routing.

<hostname>.<domain_name>
    acadia.villanova.edu

<username>@<host_name>.<domain_name>
     user1@acadia_host.villanova.edu


http stands for?

Remember web browsers use TCP!

Simplified http over TCP:
1. Client Connection Request Packet
2. Server Accepts the connection.
3. Once connection is established, they talk.

Server Has definite port assignment to a process; Web server will listen on port 80 for connections.
Clients requests whatever port number is available.

Dynamic DNS (let the DNS know a new IP Address everytime it changes).

Modile IP (Tunneling)
































